[Crashlytics ODF] update release notes (#610)
firebase/firebase-unity-sdk: docs/readme.md

### Upcoming Release
- Changes
    - Analytics: Added `SetConsent()` and `GetSessionIdAsync()` APIs.

>     - Crashlytics: Add `ReportUncaughtExceptionsAsFatal` propertie and `LogExceptionAsFatal` API. Crashlytics now support on-demand fatal reports.

Author: Hi @rachelsaunders, can you help to review this release notes? Apparently unity also automated their release notes generation.

>     - Crashlytics: Add `ReportUncaughtExceptionsAsFatal` propertie and `LogExceptionAsFatal` API. Crashlytics now support on-demand fatal reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Crashlytics: Add `ReportUncaughtExceptionsAsFatal` property and `LogExceptionAsFatal` API. With these changes, Crashlytics now supports on-demand fatal reports.
```

Reviewer: Also, I don't know if the style for Unity release notes use the verb form of "Add" vs "Added"?

Author: From here I can see they are using `Add` a lot for new features: https://firebase.google.com/support/release-notes/unity#10.2.0

Author: Done for the change!

Author: Removed notes for support of ODF.
